add default value documentation for twin templates (#101)
evannetwork/api-blockchain-core: docs/contracts/digital-twin-usage-examples.rst

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _template_default_value:

Default values 
==============

> Default values can be specified for all entries (expect listentries) next to the dataSchema. The API will directly call `setEntry` for each specified default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default values can be specified for all entries (except list entries) next to the dataSchema. The API will directly call `setEntry` for each specified default.
```
